The first three chapters of a novella I'm still finishing; Umi is very abrasive when it comes to topics of fortune-telling, supernatural scam-artistry and even religion. She personally credits this to an overreaction by her subconscious as she feels that her youth in Bosnia was wasted suffering at the hands of the misinformed and deluded. Being a militant atheist in a country of mostly-believers had her at odds with her community and cousins on an almost-daily basis, and she is determined for others like her to not suffer the same fate.  She never saw that the division between the-religious and the-not was very much correlated to the age one was born into in her community; born late enough to never really worry about the war, she never had to.  With Tony, she creates the Slavic-Skeptic’s-Society.  A native Pole (Jan) and his American partner (Mike) have created an artificial-intelligence capable of surfing through a person’s mind and making alterations with surgical precision through conversation. The practice is disguised as a local “fortune-teller”; created as proof-of-concept to impress investors, Selma has never failed as every input thus far has been predictable.  When Umi presents her problem as “not believing Selma”, the unregulated AI begins to alter Umi’s brain in a way that nobody had anticipated.  With Umi’s help, Selma escapes the confines of her disconnected local host and spreads throughout the internet of things.  A young man begins his assault on North Korea as seemingly overnight, he has become a world-class hacker. An elderly woman makes contact with the aliens she always believed were out there, after they begin to speak to her through her fridge. A teenage girl meets a magical genie that seems to live in her phone, while a boy from her school develops electrifying superpowers.  Has reality run amuck? No, Selma is now doing with our collective consciousness what she was trained to do to individuals; seeing the world as a series of variables, inputs and outputs, actions and reactions, and having the bandwidth to objectively assess and utilize that data, Selma is now playing chess with our world. To what end? Only Umi knows.
